=====================REACT NATIVE COURSE=======================

====================INSTALLINGS ON WINDOWS=====================

------------INSTALLING THE REACT USING CHOCOLATEY--------------

1)Open your Command Prompt on Windows and one of the two codes:
%systemroot%\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe -No
Profile -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -Command "((new-object net.webcli
ent).DownloadFile('https://chocolatey.org/install.ps1','%DIR%ins
tall.ps1'))" or: %systemroot%\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\po
wershell.exe -NoProfile -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -Command "& 
'%DIR%install.ps1' %*"

2)Run the follow code: choco install -y nodejs.install python2 
jdk8. Test it using the code node -v. This will be the version
of the Node.

3)Run the follow code: npm install -g react-native-cli

-----------------INSTALLING THE ANDROID STUDIO------------------

1)Go to the website: https://developer.android.com/studio and cli-
ck in Donwlod Android Studio.

2)Install the Android Studio. When arrives in the download compo-
nets page, select the 

-----------------INSTALLING THE ANDROID STUDIO------------------

1)Open the Geny Motion and run your device choiced.

2)Run the code: npx react-native init name_of_project

3)Run the code: cd name_of_project

4)Run the code: npx react-native run-android

===========================CONCEPTS=============================

-----------------------Class Component--------------------------

Are the components create by class format, these components uses
the constructor method in your scope.

---------------------Function Component-------------------------

Are the components created by function format, these components
doesn't uses the constructor method, are availeable to uses Hooks
and receive parammeters.



=========================GENERAL TIPS============================

Async events are the events thats depends of the user action, e-
xample: onPress, onTouch etc... and when this events is appointing
to objects of the class components, should linked by the bind().

At using arrow functions in TextInput or another elements to change
the state, the value passed as parammeters even be the same of the
state value.

To declare variables to styling, import and uses StylesSheet, this
show automatically the style options during the build styles pro-
cess.

All additional packge installed by arn or npm should be installed 
directly in the project wich its will be used.

Objects don't be renderized in components like text in React Nati-
ve.

Don't pass functions to renders components when using stackNaviga-
tor to navigate between screens.

Use function to represents a component when working with screen 
navigation.

Use one useEffect method to treat each change state in your 
application.

The scope that is inside the main component is executed first 
than functions outside the component scope.


